blog/links/README.md, before:

---
layout: Links
title: Links
links:
  - title: Projects deployed on Netlify
    items:
      - sitename: Dragon Ball API showcase
        url: https://table-dragon-ball.netlify.app/
        img: /img/links/shenron.png
        desc: You can get infos about Goku, Vegeta and many other characters of Dragon Ball Z
      - sitename: The Recipes Finder
        url: https://even-recipes-finder.netlify.app/
        img: /img/links/recipes-finder.webp
        desc: A frontend for the spoonacular API. Discover thousands of recipes from all around the world!
      - sitename: Pokémon Gen II
        url: https://pokemon-gen2.netlify.app/
        img: /img/links/Pokemon_Mewtwo.png
        desc: A Nostalgia Project. The original set of 251 Pokémons released in 2000 is the best.
      - sitename: init freedom website
        url: https://init-freedom.netlify.app/
        img: /img/links/nosystemd.png
        desc: The best systemd-free distros for daily use are presented. I explain what's wrong with systemd and I give security tips.
      - sitename: The Alt Rock Station
        url: https://even-audio-player.netlify.app/
        img: /img/links/LP.jpg
        desc: A blog about Alternative rock/metal and an audio player with image cover.
  - title: Projects made with Spring Boot and Java
    items:
      - sitename: A basic sales API
        url: https://github.com/evenbecker/basic-sales-API
        img: /img/links/vecteezy_a-blue-arrow-and-a-graph.jpg
        desc: REST API design to manage sales. The average daily sales can be calculated with custom durations.
  - title: Projects made with .NET as backend
    items:
      - sitename: The Initial D Cars App
        url: https://github.com/evenbecker/Initial-D-App
        img: /img/links/First_Stage_logo.jpg
        desc: A visitor mode for viewing legendary japanese cars. An admin mode for adding and deleting cars.
      - sitename: App for ordering food
        url: https://github.com/evenbecker/App-for-ordering-food
        img: /img/links/food.png
        desc: The user can add/remove dish items in a cart. Billing is handled for multiple users.
---

Commit message:

border radius img in links

blog/links/README.md, after:

---
layout: Links
title: Links
links:
  - title: Projects deployed on Netlify
    items:
      - sitename: Dragon Ball API showcase
        url: https://table-dragon-ball.netlify.app/
        img: /img/links/shenron.png
        desc: You can get infos about Goku, Vegeta and many other characters of Dragon Ball Z
      - sitename: The Recipes Finder
        url: https://even-recipes-finder.netlify.app/
        img: /img/links/recipes-finder.webp
        desc: A frontend for the spoonacular API. Discover thousands of recipes from all around the world!
      - sitename: Pokémon Gen II
        url: https://pokemon-gen2.netlify.app/
        img: /img/links/Pokemon_Mewtwo.png
        desc: A Nostalgia Project. The original set of 251 Pokémons released in 2000 is the best.
      - sitename: init freedom website
        url: https://init-freedom.netlify.app/
        img: /img/links/nosystemd.png
        desc: The best systemd-free distros for daily use are presented. I explain what's wrong with systemd and I give security tips.
      - sitename: The Alt Rock Station
        url: https://even-audio-player.netlify.app/
        img: /img/links/LP.jpg
        desc: A blog about Alternative rock/metal and an audio player with image cover.
  - title: Projects made with Spring Boot and Java
    items:
      - sitename: A basic sales API
        url: https://github.com/evenbecker/basic-sales-API
        img: /img/links/vecteezy_a-blue-arrow-and-a-graph.jpg
        desc: REST API design to manage sales. The average daily sales can be calculated with custom durations.           
      - sitename: The healthcare app
        url: https://github.com/evenbecker/healthcare
        img: /img/links/medical-logo.jpg
        desc: A full-stack app made with Spring Boot, Java, HyperSQL and Angular. The practitioners can organize and schedule examinations for their patients in different places.
  - title: Projects made with .NET as backend
    items:
      - sitename: The Initial D Cars App
        url: https://github.com/evenbecker/Initial-D-App
        img: /img/links/First_Stage_logo.jpg
        desc: A visitor mode for viewing legendary japanese cars. An admin mode for adding and deleting cars.
      - sitename: App for ordering food
        url: https://github.com/evenbecker/App-for-ordering-food
        img: /img/links/food.png
        desc: The user can add/remove dish items in a cart. Billing is handled for multiple users.
---
