---
layout: Post
title: Linux as a desktop OS
subtitle: In this post, I explain how I use Linux.
author: Even Becker
date: 2025-08-19
useHeaderImage: true
headerImage: /img/in-post/2025-08-19/header.jpg
headerMask: rgb(14, 21, 5, .2)
permalinkPattern: /post/:year/:month/:day/:slug/
tags:
  - Linux
---

## Intro

Linux works well on server. However on desktop, there are more things to consider: multimedia codecs, Wi-Fi
drivers, GPU drivers (possible screen tearing/stuttering/flickering), CPU microcode, printers drivers, ...
Problems may happen. Never expect popular distros to make things work out-of-the-box as they pretend to do.
Better study the configuration files and CLI utilities by reading the [Arch wiki](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Main_page) or the Gentoo wiki. A good Linux user doesn't need GUI system configuration tools besides the installer.

## Thoughs on security

Opinions about bloat are divided. Security
experts think that complex software is prone to vulnerabilities. Some pieces of software contain tremendous
amounts of totally unnecessary attack surface and follows poor security practices. In addition, new features can
increase the attack surface and introduce a large amount of new bugs. <a
          href="https://www.gnu.org/distros/free-distros.en.html">FSF-approved</a> Trisquel GNU/Linux gives a good idea
about what to avoid. Trisquel doesn't have a Gnome edition, so I don't use Gnome. I use IceWM: a stacking window
manager. One big advantage of window managers is to be able to run apps of different desktop environments
without any stability/performance loss.
I use MouseWinTabbing to merge windows and form a tab. This feature was originally developped for Haiku and
later implemented in IceWM.
Here are some of the tools I use:

table todo

My favorite distro is Void Linux. This distro is praised for its speed, small attack surface,
and flexibility.

For maximum security, I install my dev tools on a secondary OS in dual-boot. Indeed these tools have
vulnerabilities. For instance, there are more and more malicious VS Code extensions. Most people avoid dual
booting because it is time consuming. Here is a
summary of my dual-boot setup:

table 2 todo

## My opinion on some Linux distros

**Ubuntu:** Too much bloat preinstalled. Snap has terrible bloat. Telemetry
is probably increasing. Some Ubuntu derivatives don't come with Snap: Bodhi Linux, Pop!\_OS and Linux Mint for
example. It may change.
